---
title: Tahun 2021
category: Temuan Mingguan
layout: ../../layouts/WikiLayout.astro
---

# Desember 2021

No-code for 2022
https://astrodevil.hashnode.dev/40-no-codelow-code-tools-and-resources-for-developers-in-2022

Crontab Node Js Email
https://javascript.plainenglish.io/how-to-schedule-emails-with-node-js-31e9a61e7c57

CSS Gradient Generator
https://cssgradient.io/

Free Icons Collection
https://iconscout.com/free-icons

Tailwind Components
https://tailwindui.com/components

Color Palette Generator
https://coolors.co/

---

# November 2021

CSS Pixel Art Generator
https://fjolt.com/article/css-pixel-art-generator

Hacking Tools with Python
https://pythonawesome.com/all-in-one-hacking-tool-for-hackers-with-python/

Tailwind UI Kit
https://www.tailwind-kit.com/

Aplikasi Task Manager di Linux
https://useplanner.com/

Color Palette Inspiration
https://colorhub.vercel.app/

UI Example
https://www.uiui.dev/

Image Beautifier
https://codebeautify.org/image-beautifier

Headless UI Tailwind React
https://headlessui.dev/

Free Resrource UI Design Web Figma
https://www.uihut.com/home?sortBy=Free

Tailwind Layout
https://tailwindlayout.lalokalabs.dev/

Tutorial Next.js + Auth0 + Supabase
https://auth0.com/blog/using-nextjs-and-auth0-with-supabase/

Screenshot Code
https://showcode.app

Contact Form Next.js Notion
https://blog.logrocket.com/creating-contact-forms-with-the-notion-api-and-next-js/

Figma to HTML No Code
https://www.quest.ai/

Smart Mockup
https://smartmockups.com

User Onboard
https://www.useronboard.com/user-onboarding-teardowns/

Figma Freebies
http://www.figmafreebi.es

No code App builder Teta
https://teta.so

Bootstrap web builder
https://ui.workdo.io/

3d icons
https://3d.khagwal.co

https://iconscout.com/l/3d-abstract

https://3dicons.co

Remove part Image
https://cleanup.pictures

Placeholder Image API
https://lorem.space

Streamline icon illustrations emoji
https://app.streamlinehq.com/emojis/freebies-freemojis

Free Illustrations
https://undraw.co/illustrations

CSS Animation Library
https://animate.style/

React Component Library
https://material-ui.com/

Code Snippet Manager
https://gist.github.com/

---

# Oktober 2021

Level up cursor with Blobity
https://blobity.dev/

Github Badges
https://shields.io/

Tailwind Course
https://youtu.be/N4899I-tAW4

Logo Placeholder
https://logoipsum.com

Awesome tools loginless
https://github.com/fiatjaf/awesome-loginless

Portfolio Example
https://github.com/vvHacker007/Portfolio

Compress Image
https://compressio.app/

3D Parallax Hover Effects
https://atroposjs.com/

Tailwind Mobile UI
https://tailwind-mobile.com/

Next UI Component
https://nextui.org/

Web scrapping
https://www.parsehub.com

Why Next.js become so popular
https://frontnet.eu/dx-seo-e-commerce-thats-why-next-js-is-so-popular/

Find Color Palette
https://palitra.app/

Video Resize
https://clideo.com/

Fake Clients
https://fakeclients.com

UI Design Reference Chamjo Design
https://chamjo.design

Cute Hand-draw Socmed Account
https://icon-icons.com/pack/Cute-Hand-Drawn-Social-Media/3169

Squizee Image Size Squosh
https://squoosh.app

Pattern Monster
https://pattern.monster

Hex Color Pedia
https://hexcolorpedia.com

Screen Size Device
https://www.screensizes.app/

About Design Patterns
https://blog.devgenius.io/design-patterns-in-programming-how-and-when-to-use-them-feaf6ce4aefd

API Testing Tool
https://insomnia.rest/

CSS Framework
https://bulma.io/

JavaScript Chart Library
https://www.chartjs.org/

Version Control Hosting
https://github.com/

---

# September 2021

Tech Stack
stackshare.io

Animated Background
https://animatedbackgrounds.me/

Software House Best Practices
https://code.likeagirl.io/best-practices-every-software-development-service-provider-should-practice-in-2021-5eabbdd45009

Free Illustration
https://passionhacks.com/gradient-isometric-illustrations/

TailwindCSS UIBlock
https://flowrift.com/c/cta

No-code templates
https://zeroqode.com/

Twitter Post Link
https://poet.so/

Weekly Visitor Report
https://clearbit.com/resources/tools/visitor-report

Smart Mockup
https://smartmockups.com/

Type Scale Font
https://type-scale.com/

Create README
https://readme.so/

Free Ilustration
https://storytale.io/

Profile Picture Maker
https://pfpmaker.com/

Doodle Ipsum
https://doodleipsum.com/

Intercept HTTP Request
https://requestly.io/

How to Tango
https://www.tango.us/workflows

App Landing Page
https://volio.co/

Inovatik HTML Template
https://inovatik.com/

Shoutout Wall of Love
https://shoutout.so

TidyCall alternative Calendly
https://tidycal.com

Vercel Website Builder
https://www.makeswift.com

Learning SEO
https://learningseo.io

Free Customizable Illustrator
https://storyset.com

Free HTML Website
https://inovatik.com

Web Skill Fundamental
https://andreasbm.github.io/web-skills/

Engagement Quiz
https://quizizz.com

Sample Engagement Games
https://www.goodhousekeeping.com/life/entertainment/g32098665/best-games-to-play-on-zoom/

3D Animation App Mockup
https://previewed.app

Best Design Practices
https://www.checklist.design

Gradient generator
https://www.grabient.com

Email Marketing
https://www.mailerlite.com

Drip Campaign
https://mailchimp.com/marketing-glossary/drip-campaign/

Good Mail Copy
https://www.goodemailcopy.com

Best Welcome Email
https://www.getvero.com/resources/welcome-emails/

Win-back Campaign
https://www.braze.com/resources/articles/win-back-campaign-7-essentials

Shape Divider
https://www.shapedivider.app

Haikei for UI Design
https://haikei.app

Mentimeter
https://www.mentimeter.com

Bildr Web App
https://www.bildr.com

Slide Interaction Meeting
https://www.sli.do

Rebrandly shorten url
https://www.rebrandly.com

Edu Games
https://www.baamboozle.com

Artvee Wallpaper
https://artvee.com

Learn Bubble Buildcamp
https://buildcamp.io

UTM Link
https://ga-dev-tools.web.app/campaign-url-builder/

Web Portfolio
https://github.com/Mehdi-BHA/Awesomefolio

A full-stack web app built with NestJS and ReactJS that helps you find and discover over 500,000+ video games
https://reactjsexample.com/a-full-stack-web-app-built-with-nestjs-and-reactjs-that-helps-you-find-and-discover-over-500-000-video-games/

Web Development IDE
https://code.visualstudio.com/

React State Management
https://redux.js.org/

CSS Grid Generator
https://cssgrid-generator.netlify.app/

Font Collection
https://fonts.google.com/

---

# Agustus 2021

Animated CSS Gradient Background React
https://reactjsexample.com/animated-css-gradient-background-generator-using-react/

Landing Page template for designer developers
https://reactjsexample.com/a-free-react-landing-page-template-designed-for-developers-makers/

AirBnB Clone Next Js
https://reactjsexample.com/airbnb-ui-clone-using-next-js-and-styled-components/

All about Landing Page
https://blog.hubspot.com/marketing/landing-page-best-practices
https://designwebkit.com/web-design/aida-approach-landing-page-design/
https://unbounce.com/conversion-rate-optimization/landing-page-cta-placement/

Music Backsound
https://filter.one

Smart Mockup
https://smartmockups.com

Web Dev Best Practices
https://mobidev.biz/blog/web-application-development-principles

Web Scrapper Data Analytics
https://arctype.com/blog/mysql-advanced-queries/

All about gradient
https://products.ls.graphics/mesh-gradients/

https://pattern.monster

https://coolbackgrounds.io

https://www.gradientmagic.com/collection/complexcircles

https://mybrandnewlogo.com/color-gradient-generator

https://absurd.design


---

# Juli 2021

Mesh Gradient
http://csshero.org/mesher/

Nocode softr
https://www.softr.io

Nocode Parsing 
https://www.octoparse.com

Nocode webflow
https://www.wized.io

Website health checkup
https://www.validbot.com/

Nocode Spreadsheet Data
https://rows.com

Cara memulai bisnis dari 0
https://id.quora.com

Airtable no-code solution
https://airtable.com/shr78BZzqhqxYdqRa/tblNb6MHPMpAYKkt6

Free HTML Templates
https://uideck.com/templates/

https://www.tooplate.com

https://onepagelove.com/templates/free-templates

https://www.zerotheme.com/free-website-templates

https://cruip.com/free-templates/

https://www.styleshout.com

---

# Juni 2021

Instagram Bot
https://pythonawesome.com/completely-free-and-open-source-human-like-instagram-bot/

How to design a scalable system 
https://levelup.gitconnected.com/how-to-design-a-system-to-scale-to-your-first-100-million-users-4450a2f9703d

https://javascript.plainenglish.io/learning-system-design-1-how-backend-architecture-evolves-with-scale-d60673e877cd

Simplifyng backend development with Prisma
https://javascript.plainenglish.io/simplifying-backend-development-with-prisma-564200f31943

Web Design Proposals
https://app.bidheap.com/

Packed of Illustrations
https://app.streamlinehq.com/illustrations

Avatar Cartoon 3D
https://www.cutout.pro/

Inspirasi Color Palette
https://access.mymind.com/colors

Tools for checking website details
https://builtwith.com
http://w3techs.com/sites

Notion to Blog
https://mdx.one

Create README files
https://readme.so

Convert Design into Code
https://www.animaapp.com/blog/design-to-code/how-to-convert-design-to-react-code/

Aphostrope Website Builder
https://apostrophecms.com/

Screen Responsive Test
https://bluetree.ai/screenfly/

Awesome Resource DevDojo
https://devdojo.com/savio/111-amazing-resources-youre-gonna-love

Next-webinar platform
https://github.com/RileySeaburg/next-webinar

Ray So Screenshot
https://ray.so/

Git Commit Message Convention
https://dev.to/intrepid_ishan/git-commit-message-convention-that-you-can-follow-1709

Handle Push Notif in React
https://javascript.plainenglish.io/handle-push-notifications-in-react-eba1dce496db

CSS Generators
https://denic.hashnode.dev/css-generators

Image resources
https://savio.xyz/25-marvelous-resources-to-satisfy-your-image-needs

Make Rain with React
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RYv-CgDJOi8

---

# Maret 2021

Landing Page React - Tailwind
https://treact.owaiskhan.me/

From Hashnode
https://hashnode.com/post/35-free-react-templates-and-themes-you-should-use-in-2021-cklw9iu7c022b56s1ezgz033j

HTML Best Practices
https://github.com/hail2u/html-best-practices

Javascript tips
https://github.com/loverajoel/jstips

Serverless Solution in minutes
https://www.webiny.com/

React Cheatsheet 2021
https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/react-cheatsheet-with-real-world-examples/

Deploying Nodejs
https://deployingnodejs.com

Generate OpenGraph
https://phiilu.com/generate-open-graph-images-for-your-static-next-js-site

React Download Handler
https://reactjsexample.com/creates-a-download-handler-function-and-gives-progress-information-with-react/

Design Rerources
https://designresources.dev

Image editor
https://devdojo.com/piyushsinha24/image-editor-using-camanjs

Vim Guide
https://thevaluable.dev/vim-advanced/

Content Marketing
https://www.contentmarketingstack.co

CSS Hacks
https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/10-css-hacks-every-web-developer-should-know/amp/

Template Saashttps://github.com/jkytoela/next-startd

Free tools
https://hrishikesh1990.hashnode.dev/40-free-forever-tools-for-developers

Template
https://templated.co/
https://www.free-css.com/free-css-templates
https://nicepage.com/templates

Epic Spinner
https://epic-spinners.epicmax.co/

Gradient
https://conic.style
https://dev.di7tazxmp7xob.amplifyapp.com

Dynamic Metatags
https://richard-0094.medium.com/dynamic-meta-tags-for-bots-and-crawlers-using-firebase-and-cloudflare-workers-b351cd7045db

---

# Februari 2021

Animockup
https://animockup.com/
https://artboard.studio/pricing

Mock-API servers
https://mockoon.com

Stock Photos
https://icons8.com/photos

Type Scale Formula
https://type-scale.com

Buat latihan soal
https://uisual.com

Free Template Tailwind
https://cruip.com/free-templates/

Kali Linux Virtual Box
https://www.nakivo.com/blog/how-to-install-kali-linux-on-virtualbox/

Next.js and Google Sheet
https://dev.to/frasnym/connecting-your-nextjs-mini-project-with-google-spreadsheets-as-database-1o2d

https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/react-and-googlesheets/


Next.js auth
https://next-auth.js.org

Prevent access php url
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/33999475/prevent-direct-url-access-to-php-file/33999539

https://zinoui.com/blog/protect-web-forms-from-spam

https://css-tricks.com/snippets/php/error-page-to-handle-all-errors/

Add Sender and Reply-to on contact-form PHP
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/3106009/php-contact-form-on-website-and-reply-to-email

https://stackoverflow.com/questions/19007032/reply-to-address-in-php-contact-form


Understand 3D in Javascript
https://dev.to/jesuisundev/understand-3d-in-javascript-threejs-in-5-minutes-1ohf

Understanding z-index
https://ishadeed.com/article/understanding-z-index/

Mk Documenter
https://github.com/squidfunk/mkdocs-material

React Form
https://dev.to/pmbanugo/looking-for-the-best-react-form-library-in-2021-it-s-probably-on-this-list-e2h

Email.js
https://www.emailjs.com

Inspirasi
https://github.com/narendrasss/site

https://github.com/taniarascia/taniarascia.com

Build SMTP Server
https://daily.dev/posts/how-to-build-an-smtp-mail-server-with-express-node-and-gmail

Exploring CSS
https://css-tricks.com/exploring-the-complexities-of-width-and-height-in-css/

SQL Database
https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/30-days-of-sql-from-basic-to-advanced-level/

CSS efect
https://codepen.io/carolineartz/pen/rNaGQYo

---

# Januari 2021

CSS Button Generator
https://cssbuttoncreator.com

Secure JWT
https://dev.to/nilanth/how-to-secure-jwt-in-a-single-page-application-cko

Blobmaker
https://www.blobmaker.app

Getwaves
https://getwaves.io

Webcode Tools
https://webcode.tools

Enjoy CSS Generator
https://enjoycss.com

Neumorphism Generator
https://neumorphism.io/#e0e0e0

OWASP AMASS
https://github.com/OWASP/Amass

Tailwind Blog
https://tailwind-nextjs-starter-blog.vercel.app

Readme Profiles
https://daily.dev/posts/creating-a-killer-github-profile-readme-part-1

Smart Seo Tools
https://smartseotools.org/popular-seo-tools

CSS Birthday Card
https://codepen.io/jh3y/pen/YzGgdyw

Codyhouse of Component
https://codyhouse.co/ds/components

Understanding Clip-Path
https://ishadeed.com/article/clip-path/

CSS 3D Transform
https://polypane.app/css-3d-transform-examples/

Understanding Rendering
https://dev.to/ritaxcorreia/understanding-rendering-in-next-js-1m1b

UIGarage
https://uigarage.net

JSONServr
https://github.com/typicode/json-server

Learn to Code for Fre
https://www.programiz.com

Modern CSS tutorial
https://moderncss.dev

Node Generator
https://hashnode.com/post/automate-boilerplate-code-generation-with-nodejs-ckk9l9ufr051jzjs157zq8kmf


Tailwind Toolbox
https://www.tailwindtoolbox.com

Meraki UI
https://merakiui.com

GustUI
https://www.gustui.com

Design System
https://cherry.design

Security
https://www.sentinelone.com/blog/which-is-more-secure-windows-linux-or-macos/
https://blog.vincss.net/2021/01/re019-from-a-to-x-analyzing-some-real-cases-which-used-recent-Emotet-samples.html?m=1

12png
https://12png.com

Squosh PNG
https://squoosh.app

Template Notion
https://www.notionexpert.com/template-market#market

Low-code Node.js app
https://amplication.com

Web Font Optimizations
https://optimizefonts.com

Tailwind Shades
https://www.tailwindshades.com

Kitwind Tailwind Compnent
https://kitwind.io/products/kometa/components/

Tailwind Toolbox
https://www.tailwindtoolbox.com

Tailblocks cc
https://tailblocks.cc

Flex Tutorial
https://semicolon.dev/tutorial/css/complete-css-flex-tutorial

Spline Design
https://spline.design

Gradient Color
https://hexcolor.co/gradient-colors

Glassmorphism code
https://glassmorphism.com

Wordscloud
https://www.wordclouds.com
