---
title: Tahun 2020
category: Temuan Mingguan
layout: ../../layouts/WikiLayout.astro
---

# Desember 2020

Twitter Search Guidelines
https://zapier.com/blog/twitter-advanced-search-guide/

Shortcut Design & Development
https://shortcuts.design

Create Stunning Product Mockup
https://smartmockups.com

Turn screenshot into mockup
https://www.screely.com
https://mockuphone.com/#ios
https://www.mockupworld.co

CSS Everything
https://cssvalues.com
https://box-shadow.dev
https://csslayout.io
http://extractcss.com
https://www.w3schools.com/w3css/w3css_templates.asp
https://www.flexulator.com
https://enjoycss.com

Illustration
https://www.drawkit.io

Marketing Examples
https://marketingexamples.com

Color Palette
https://www.happyhues.co/

Email Builder
https://designmodo.com/postcards/

SmartSwatch Palette
https://smart-swatch.netlify.app

Picular the color of everything
https://picular.co

Very Good Copywriting
https://www.verygoodcopy.com/micro-articles

Moiva Comparison Framework
https://moiva.io

All About Growth Hacking
https://growwithward.com/what-is-growth-hacking/

T-Shaped Marketer
https://medium.com/growth-tribe/how-do-you-stay-in-the-top-1-of-t-shaped-marketers-2018-version-c3dbfa120434

Font Pairing Made Simple
https://fontjoy.com

Color wheel
https://color-wheel-artist.com/primary-colors/

Hue Saturation
http://learn.leighcotnoir.com/artspeak/elements-color/hue-value-saturation/

Shade
https://color-wheel-artist.com/hue/

Color Theory
https://www.colormatters.com/color-and-design/basic-color-theory

Color Psychology Marketing
https://coschedule.com/blog/color-psychology-marketing/

Adobe Color Wheel
https://color.adobe.com/create/color-wheel

CSS Protips
https://github.com/AllThingsSmitty/css-protips

Justrem
https://justrem.xyz

Image Vectorizer
https://www.vectorizer.io

Free tools and resources
https://dev.to/denicmarko/50-free-tools-and-resources-you-re-gonna-love-part-2-452n

Illustration idea generator
https://www.doodlestrudel.com

What to tweet
https://whattotweet.com/#

Twitter thread
https://typefully.app

AI Background Remover
https://icons8.com/bgremover

Background Pattern
https://bgjar.com

Lorem Ipsum for Photos
https://picsum.photos

DevSamples
https://www.devsamples.com

Tailwind Components
https://tailwindcomponents.com/

API Google Sheet
https://sheety.co

Starter Blog Next.js
https://github.com/JoseRFelix/nextjs-starter-blog

All about Email
https://mjml.io/documentation/#basic-layout-example
https://maizzle.com/starters/
https://tedgoas.github.io/Cerberus/
https://www.caniemail.com

CSS Tips
https://denic.hashnode.dev/css-tips-you-wont-see-in-most-tutorials
https://github.com/MarkoDenic/awesome-html-css-js-tips

Next CMS Ghost
https://github.com/styxlab/next-cms-ghost

---

# November 2020

Free Favicon Maker
https://formito.com/tools/favicon

Sites Info
https://w3techs.com/sites
https://builtwith.com
Contoh pakai: https://joshwcomeau.com
Chrome Extension: https://www.wappalyzer.com

Color Scheme Generator
https://coolors.co

Color Theory
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GyVMoejbGFg

Free Stuff
https://www.creative-tim.com/search?utf8=âœ“&q=notus

Metatags Preview
https://metatags.io

Screenshot Website
https://screen.guru
https://screenshot.rocks

CSS Gradient
https://cssgradient.io

Compress Image
https://compresspng.com
https://tinyjpg.com

CSS Animation
https://animista.net

Background SVG
https://bgjar.com

Web developer browser
https://responsively.app

Free SVG fully customize icon
https://tablericons.com

Console Log
https://denic.hashnode.dev/use-consolelog-like-a-pro

What is SSG
https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/static-site-generation-with-nextjs/

Nextra Documentation
https://github.com/shuding/nextra

Free for Dev lists
https://github.com/ripienaar/free-for-dev
https://free-for.dev/

Learn to code by playing games
https://codepip.com

API for web icons
https://svgbox.net

React Security Best Practices
https://snyk.io/blog/10-react-security-best-practices/

OpenPeeps
https://www.openpeeps.com

QR Code Generator
https://www.qr-code-generator.com

Open Doodles
https://www.opendoodles.com/

Articles
https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/static-site-generation-with-nextjs/

https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/how-to-scrape-websites-with-python/

https://developer.mongodb.com/article/everything-you-know-is-wrong

CleanPNG
https://www.cleanpng.com

Cheatsheet CSS Grid
https://cssgr.id

Colors and Font
https://www.colorsandfonts.com

Belajar Excel gratis
https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/learn-microsoft-excel/

Essential Linux Tools
https://www.fossmint.com/most-used-linux-applications/

Twitter FOMO
https://twitterfomo.dev

Remmina Remote Desktop
https://www.tecmint.com/remmina-remote-desktop-sharing-and-ssh-client/

Zeit cronjob tools
https://www.tecmint.com/zeit-gui-tool-to-cron-jobs-in-linux/



